About The Feynnman Technique

The Feynnman technique is a technique for learning. Its core principle
is that you only truly understand something if you're able to explain it in
simple enough terms that a child could understand. The way you get to this
point is by iterating through cycles of identify gaps, research and rehearsal.
At the "identify gaps" stage, your focus is to write down everything you know
and don't know about the subject. At the research stage, your focus is to
learn more about the subject by performing just enough research to double the
knowledge you previously had. At the rehearsal stage, your focus is to give a lecture
on the topic using simple enough terms that a child could understand you.

By explaining concepts to yourself, you are actively deepening your understanding
of the subject. Passive review, on the other hand, relies on reading and re-reading
material only to be never reviewed again after the test.

How to Use the AI Tool:

1. Write down everything you know about the subject you want to learn
2. Notice what part of your explanations are incomplete
3. Ask the AI tool enough questions until you think you know 2x more than you did
4. explain the concept back to the AI tool, who will grade your comprehension in the following ways:
- What you got correct
- What you got close to being correct
- What you got incorrect



=== Judging Demo ===

YouTube Channel: MAT137: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCLzpR8AiHx9h_-yt2fAxd_A

Videos:
1.1 Sets and notation
1.2 Set-building notation
1.3 Quantifiers
1.11 Proofs: an example

Questions:
In the first example of the video, what are the names of the sets?
Answer: A, B

In the first example on set notation, what are the names of the sets?
Answer: A, B, C, D

In the video, the speaker mentions that there are four important sets
of numbers that are represented as uppercase letters with an extra bar.
Among these, which does N stand for?
Answer: Natural numbers

What is the name of the video in which the speaker introduces the concept of set-building notation?
Answer: 1.2 Set-building notation

What is the name of the video in which the speaker introduce the concept of quantifiers?
Answer: 1.3 Quantifiers

In the video titled "1.11 Proofs: an example", the speaker that a function is increasing on the
real numbers. What is the formula of this function?
Answer: f(x) = 3x + 7

What is the name of the video in which the abbreviation "WTS" first appears?
Answer: ???