Introduction
In this video, I will explain
the main pieces of notation that we commonly use to talk about sets.
What is a set?
What is a set?
We are going to think of a set simply as a "collection of things."
For us?
Most of the time it will be sets of numbers.
But it could be anything.
We call those "things" the elements of the set.
I put an asterisk here because if you ask a logician,
they will tell you that this definition is not good enough.
They would be right.
For the purpose of Logic and Foundations, this definition is problematic.
But for our purpose, it's good enough.
So we are going to keep it simple, and go with it.
Here are two examples:
I'm describing two sets here, and I've given a name to both sets.
The first set is called "A." The second set is called "B."
And when I describe the set,
I use CURLY BRACES to indicate where the description begins and ends.
And I'm describing them differently.
The first set is a set of all even integers.
So this set has infinitely many elements.
For the second set,
I've provided a complete list of the elements.
So B is a set that has three elements:
the number 4, the number 5, and the number 6.
Set notation – elements and comparisons
Next: some notation.
These two symbols
are used to indicate that something is, or isn't an element of a set.
I'm going to use these three sets: B, C, and D, to construct examples.
So using that, for example,
I can say that the number 4 IS an element of B.
But the number 2 is NOT an element of B,
because it's not there.
This symbol is different.
This represents the relationship between two sets.
It means that a set is a subset of another set.
For example:
Here, I can say that D is a subset of B, because D is contained in B;
all the elements of D are also elements of B.
However, this symbol comes with a warning.
Subset or equal?
Unfortunately, the notation for "subset" is not universal.
Some books like to use the symbol I introduced
to indicate that something is a subset, and MAY be equal.
And then, they use this symbol,
the same one without the extra horizontal line,
to indicate that it may NOT be equal.
But other books use the second symbol to indicate
that something is a subset and MAY be equal.
And then introduce the other new symbol, this one,
to indicate that it may NOT be equal. And, of course, this is confusing
because the same symbol may mean two different things.
My preferred solution is to always use these two symbols only.
And then, there would be no ambiguity. But what TRULY matters
is that when you read a math book or you do math with someone,
you agree on which notation you are going to use.
More notation – operations
Back to more notation.
These two symbols
are used to describe operations with sets;
they are used to construct new sets from old sets.
This symbol means a "UNION of two sets." So a bigger set will be constructed
by putting together all the elements which are in at least one of them.
For example, here, I could construct the set
C union D by putting together all the elements of C and D.
That would be the set with 2, 4, and 5.
And this symbol is the "INTERSECTION of sets":
a new set that contains only the elements which are in BOTH sets.
Using the same example, C intersection D
would be a set with only one element: the only thing they have in common,
which is the number 4.
And finally, this symbol is used to denote a specific set: the empty set.
The empty set
That is a set that has no elements.
So another way to describe it
would be a set where the list of elements is, well, empty.
Important sets of numbers
To conclude,
I am going to introduce four important sets of numbers that we use often.
Everybody uses the same name
for these four sets of numbers, and the same notation.
It's uppercase letters with an extra bar.
N stands for the NATURAL, or, "counting" numbers.
They're what you've been using since kindergarten.
Well, this comes with a caveat: I started them at zero.
Some books begin them at 0; some books begin them at 1.
Don't get into an argument about whether we should include 0 or not;
that's a waste of time. There are good reasons to include it,
or not to include it.
What matters is that when you do math or read a book,
you make sure that you know which conventions you are using.
Next, Z represents the INTEGERS.
Those are the natural numbers, and ALSO their negative counterparts.
Next, Q represents the RATIONAL numbers.
Those are the fractions; the quotients of integers.
And finally, R represents the REAL numbers.
For our purposes, I am simply going to say
that a real number is any number with a decimal expansion.
There is a better, more formal and rigorous way to define the reals,
but that is surprisingly deep and complicated;
that's normally the topic of an analysis course.
To conclude, notice that these subsets are bigger and bigger.
Each one is a subset of the next.